That Phil is the educational system yes so very wonderful about three decades
Before filling in the
Ah ... have an educational system to do terribly
And eight domestic respectively Well what we are doing about directly we are renovating
The whole thing
They decided for some reason you know ... that the Republicans are here
He will call them you do not know the good social Sousse
But there was a focus on equality what kind of this is that crazy about
And it's not the qualitative results that they were not so uh ... do
Test on doing a test until the age of sixty
So do not test Sidi uniform
Equality of residence opportunity does not matter if you are poor
Or milk or Richard
Are objective
Is to achieve equality of opportunity and by the way in this amazing I would make
My republic has exploded in u_s_ uh ... we are not uh ...
Go to due to you but we will not try to cut
Already want America to like
We do not just want everyone to be the right sponsor for a fair chance of
Competitiveness in their schools Yes I thought about missing a lot of pressure
With them
You'll be the best you can have a stick for that reason and I was not like that and
I sat down until I could tell
When this setback let you know well
Discover what you are passionate about
He continued your dreams
Now everything is fine
Born crazy but waiting to see there
They said you know what we pre-school kindergarten canceled
You are not allowed to go to school for yourself
Do you know why his children should be tight
The head is exploding from America No one is a nice kiss to her We ordered it
Different things
Nor private schools alone
Everyone has to go to public school
But what accommodation will not be no matter how it happens
Get this
We teacher husband will work on a decent
We gonna gonna require them now that I think they are ready to start
Sydney dentist subtract
Ah ... but you know it's uh ... if the movie was even getting health care et al
Gra and also keep in mind changed with the role of teachers are
It has become much more prestigious
Like it was and did not like how your teacher no matter how big your making and false
I was like all my biggest professors this large in our minds explode
Teachers or it was not difficult to get to school
To be a teacher than it is
To get to school to be a lawyer or document
No opinion of the series
And then you can become a teacher and in reverence in this fine aspect
Say no sterilization until you're sixty
Uh ... The list goes on and so they do not even participate in the
International work as they wish to test the ground is silly
I know what these children want to do
And give them a chance to do the right as well
Uh ... At the beginning of two thousand A 2002 news
One
It is not as if you know what you are saying that it is in hand condition here
The explanation was a piece of study pieces that she had
Well so let's let Andrew have them there and see what happens if we do not expect
Number one in the world
She was the one in the world
It was much less than the foot unit that this thought
You must have experienced an accident we are not even trying pastries that try to get to
People if TIX air right
They tested it several times not that you are suing in years
Consistently top three in the world
Others say of course South Korea where we gonna kiss death
For Riyadh daily and success, this is a different way to
did that
A search that certainly does not want to argue about what a great way to go
Endemic to that man who accepted the education
In a section in their base the issue of education comes along in this vein
United State_
Every physical shop in Atlanta
He explained Americans did not do the Americans a fair competition so you can
I had to compete
Noble Tweet do not do cooperation
Like paying so I would have to have private schools even though we do not have to
Private schools is so good anyway what private schools
Central critic but we do not have your own schools like
He's exploiting the system
And it's not getting into their heads
The areas are lit like this
So anyway the conclusion is
What uh ... more competition right
It's like going there is not a lot of mine is quite the opposite of the bottom line
And then
And he wrote a book about her entry
They say in America try to find out
From finishing one of course facing the wind in the New York Times coverage
From that story a different article so they can quote some friends from
Preservation of think tanks
All you can not do you can do if the model here is selling it perfectly
The situation is different
Uh ... you have to know all that one there is a much smaller mobile
We do that for you justifying countries allow compared to one of our states about
Behavior of the same size
Disaster
Multiply the world right oh ... Well that's it now, I love this password
They have a more homogeneous set
You know that her master password is good about what they all are
Cable that forcier
They are in fact so you do not know what a neighbor is
Exactly the same
Achievement and creativity savings
A harmonious society
They use the American model disaster this core near the bomb
So now
What is now
We will never gonna check any behind you and our America is a story you know what
They say
As well as the right to education system
Rivals pasand but ship in the world here
But we made last year as the number fifty remember your nineteen disasters
to
All the worst you've been assigned